1. Before doing any other investigation, list two or three questions that this infographic and explanation of methodology raise in your mind.

	How biased are the sources towards particular food options?: Bustle, The Recipe, and Beanstalk Mums

	Since the common post-breakup foods were limited to the sources collected, how possible is it that there is a food not listed which is more popular?

	What does the color have in correlation to each food item in the infographic?

2. Where can you find Google Trends search data? Provide the URL.

	https://trends.google.com/trends/
	
3. The article concluded that “milkshakes take the crown as the ultimate breakup food, topping the list in six states.” Pull up Google Trends data on Milkshake (beverage) and change the date range to February 1, 2024 through February 28, 2025.
a) What is the highest peak recorded in the line chart for “Interest over time”?

	The highest peak recorded was 100 in the line chart for "Interest over time" in Feb 2025.

b) What is the lowest dip recorded?

	The lowest dip recorded was 65 in December 2024

4. At the top next to the box for “Milkshake,” there is a plus sign to add another search term. Click the plus sign to add a search for Hamburger (Food).
a) What is the highest peak recorded for searches using Hamburger? What is the lowest dip?
	
	The highest peak recorded for searches using Hamburger was 100 in May 2024. The lowest dip recorded was 68 in December 2024.
	
b) What happened to the line for Milkshake? What do the high and low look like now?

	The line for Milkshake is below the Hamburger line. The high is 34 and the low is 22.
	
5. Why did the line for Milkshake change? Hint: Click on the icon next to “Interest over time” for more information about how trend results are displayed.

	The line for Milkshake change because Hamburger carried a higher peak interest than Milkshake did. A value of 50 indicates half the popularity of the peak; therefore since Milkshake's peak was 34, then Milkshake's popularity was less than half of Hamburger's popularity.
	
6. Add a third term to your search, this time for Breakup (Topic).
a) Do you see any patterns that suggest a relationship between searches for Breakup and Hamburger?

	There are no patterns that suggest a relationship between searches for Breakup and Hamburger. There were moments where both interest lines coincidentally dipped and rised, but there were also moments where one interest line increased and the other interest line decreased.

b) How about between Breakup and Milkshake?

	There is a positive relationship between Breakup and Milkshake, but the relationship strength cannot be determined as strong nor weak at the moment.
	
7. What does all of this suggest about the reliability of the conclusions reached in the
article?

	The reliability of the conclusions reached in the article cannot be supported by our current findings because the article has state and region breakdowns where these trends are for the United States overall.
	
8. At the upper right of Google Trends, click on the link for “Back to Classic Explore.”
Notice that this view includes a section for “Compared breakdown by subregion.”
a) What was the top state by interest for Milkshake?

	Alabama was the top state by interest for Milkshake.

b) What was the top state by interest for Hamburger?

	South Dakota was the top state by interest for Hamburger.
	
9. .csv file is saved.

10. OPTIONAL: Spend a little more time exploring Google Trends results for other “breakup foods” listed in the article. Some more food for thought:
a) What are the differences you notice between searching for between searching for a term as a “search term” versus as a categorical term? What thoughts does this raise in your mind about working with Google Trends data?
	∗ For example, compare “Milkshake (beverage)” to “Milkshake (search term)”, then compare “Hamburger (Food)” to “Burger (search term)”
	
	Search term is more literal, so the word "Milkshake" or "Hamburger" must be typed exactly as is. However, topics defined as beverage or food is a mix of related concepts and key words associated with either "Milkshake" or "Hamburger". One theory this may suggest is that, for example, when viewing "Hamburger" as an interest, users may be typing in names like "McDonald", "Burger King", "Wendy's", or "Bar Louie" to find hamburgers rather than searching up "hamburgers near me".
	
b) Try comparing “Hamburger (Food)” to some search terms oriented toward pop culture or current events. For instance, you might compare to “football” or “olympics.” What do you notice? What do you think other patterns in search behavior might represent?

	When comparing "Buffalo wing" (food) to "Super Bowl" (championship), since lots of viewers go to bars to watch the games, there is a positive trend between buffalo wings and the Super Bowl. This is likely because of advertisements or free viewership that these establishments provide for games, tournaments, and championships, especially like the Super Bowl trending in February. Similarly, pizza is another food item that follows this trend under Super Bowl. Patterns in search behavior could mean interests in a variety of ways, like colleges during college application seasons, major events reported in the news, or even interests in holidays as well. It is not limited to food and trends, but also time and events.