1. Start by reviewing the data.gov home page. What is this?

	Open data source of data, tools, and resources to conduct research, develop web and mobile applications, design data visualizations, and more from the U.S. government.
	
2. Go to Most Viewed Datasets. How many datasets are listed?

	There are 402,363 datasets found under "Most Viewed Datasets."
	
3. Find the Topic Category for Human Health. Review the range of data sources available for this topic. Why do you think these were tagged with the Human Health category?

	These datasets were tagged with the Human Health category because they deal with the well-being of humans, including our mass consumption of food products, immersion to environmental factors, birth rates, climate change, and water consumption. These are essential to "human health," let alone human survival, and are crucial to maintain and monitor  regularly should there be a threat to humankind.
	
4. Go to the Food Price Outlook. Review the catalog page for this dataset. How can you navigate to additional datasets from the USDA?

	I can navigate to additional datasets from the USDA, aside from the datasets under Downloads & Resources, by directly accessing the dataset's references, going directly to the source.
	
5. Go back to the data.gov home page. This time, click on Datasets by Organization.
	
6. Try searching for your city, county, and state. What organizations are returned?

	For "Cook," Cook County of Illinois showed up, listing various datasets including the clerk office, maps, property records, taxes, and boundaries. Lake County, along the shore of Lake Michigan, also popped up, listing political maps, election precincts, township, and photography of the geographical area.
	
7. Search for USDA, and click into the result. Within the USDA datasets, search for food composition. Notice that the top three results are all datasets concerning nutrition information. Try searching the USDA page for nutrition. How does that affect your results?

	When searching for food composition, the top three datasets discussed a nutrient database and data consisting of food descriptions, nutrients, weights and measures, and other characteristics. Switching the search to nutrition pivoted our results to school nutrition instead, going into strategies, outcome of the USDA Nutrition Assistance program, and performance reports.
	
a) One of the tricky things about working with data is that sometimes the terminology
used by a data source is not obvious. You may need to dig around and be creative
to find what you’re looking for.

8. Go back to the results for food composition, and click on FoodData Central. Review the catalog page for this data source, then click on the button for Visit Page. Take some time to explore the FoodData Central website.
a) Try searching for butter, or any of your favorite foods. What kind of results do you get? What happens when you click on a result?

	When I searched for butter, not only did I get results for unsalted and salted butter, but also I got a list of foods that have the keyword "butter" in them, like almond butter or peanut butter. These foundation foods, I assume, are the primary forms of butter available and were sampled for its nutritional value by the USDA as clicking on a result gives nutrition facts for a sample of a specified portion size.
	
	I tried strawberries next, giving two foundation food results: strawberries (raw) and strawberry Greek yogurt. Clicking on these results, especially processed Greek yogurt, gives its nutritional value and how the data was determined (analytical, calculated, summed, etc.).
	
b) Go back to the home page. Find Foundation Foods, and click on Downloads. What kind of data can you find on this page? How big are these files? Where can you find more information on the data types available?

	The downloads page under Foundation Foods contains all compiled information listed on the FoodData Central Data database, giving the full download for all data types. Additionally, it includes supporting data for their records, a changelog for each data type, and access to data types from previous years. These files contain hundreds of thousands of data points per .csv file, spanning to megabyte file sizes and even gigabyte sizes for full downloads.